🔍 Research & Learn

What AI tools are typically used for your role?

- Git hub copiolet, for quick code suggestions
- Chat-GPT or Groak for error handling

What are the benefits and risks of using AI in a professional setting?

- Pros: Higher productivity, Comes up with drafts and Ideas at a much faster pace and reduces redundant taks.

- Cons: Can generate inaccurate information, risk for sensite data leak, Over reliance and biased responses

What types of information should never be entered into AI tools?

- Sensity company/user data
- Internal process, code/ unreleased features
- Financial data of the company

How can you fact-check and validate AI-generated content to ensure accuracy?

- Cross check with reliable sources online
- Check the code output before adding to the actual app code
- Get it checked with teammates or Jeremy

📝 Reflection

When should you use AI for assistance, and when should you rely on your own skills?

- AI can be used for basic things such as idea generation, drafting content and getting a topic summary.
- Should rely on own skill when: Problem soving, desion making and Judgment tasks as AI is not well trained for those tasks and can give worng outputs.

How can you avoid over-reliance on AI while still benefiting from it?

- Using the AI as a tool instead of geting AI to do the whole task for you, It can be of significant value for improving productivity but the output should be throughly checked before using it.

What steps will you take to ensure data privacy when using AI tools?

- Never upload sensity user data on AI platform
- Never upload app code on AI platform (atleast not all of it, small sections are fine)
- Use approved AI tools

🛠️ Task

Identify one task you can improve using an AI tool, and try it out.

- I used AI to enhave the structure of my Manual User to match the one provided in the templte and it came out way better than what I had written.

Review the AI-generated output critically—did it require editing or fact-checking?

- The output was almost perfect, however it was too robotic and I had to rewrite the whole thing to remove that, also gave me the oppurtunity to fact check all of it and fix any minor discrepancies.

Document one best practice you will follow when using AI tools at Focus Bear.

- I will never enter sensity company data onto an AI platform and always edit the reponses generated by AI to match that of Focus bear style.
